Brother Yan Qing has kept you waiting.
Not familiar with you
Please call me by my full name.
Before I came
Grandpa Zhou called me
Said a lot about you
Although we are a business associate
But you don't have to have such a big first for me?
Since you are so honest
I won't go around in circles then.
I have someone in my heart
Even so
Can you accept it too?
Then I will conquer you with my girl
Boss, Miss Rong is really worthy of Miss Rong's family
Talking to you so confidently
He's not afraid to scare you away, confidence
It seems that you are still not accurate enough to see people
You mean he's pretending?
Meeting for the first time
He used my grandfather to crush me
It can be seen that he is not able to hold his breath much
But why is it necessary?
Just to make a good impression on you
I don't believe it.
Just look
So what if he is the heir to the Zhou family?
Do I have to be his spare tire?
What is it?
Smoking will definitely make you fall in love
I really didn't expect Miss Feng to be such a person
I should have taken a picture of the one just now and taken it back to the old plum to take a good look at
What kind of person does he choose?
You go and check the background of the honor.
Under the moon is human